All right on the last lecture we are only seeing results if we are lower than we are.
We are seeing all that we sort of we are lower than any we're not.
We only see was published.
All right.
So that's why we implement it in the individual post page.
And I told you that you should be implementing this in all your pages in that category and the home
page.
Right.
So real quick I'm going to do that.
So that way you can see I'm not going to explain it because I'm all right.
I already did.
So look it is super simple to implement in the rest of the pages.
Right there we go.
And for this one I just do another Querrey and this one will not be like that.
All right.
So that's category.
Let's go to this copy this same one too in there.
This is in the tray here.
All right.
Super simple to do.
Right.
And
basically I mean this was just display everything right.
Sure.
Right now it's a home page.
We explain everything but explain everything here.
And of course with this play written here.
Well that's weird because we are logged in.
Actually we're not logged in.
Let's actually
right now we are logged in but everything is Polish.
So let's make everything on draft.
And now if we go to our home page we don't see anything
see anything there.
And that means it's not working.
That's just because we have this right here.
All right let's take that out of there let's go to category and also take this out of there.
Whoops forgot the most important thing right.
No worries beautiful.
So as you can see now we are able to see everything even though they are still in draft categories and
even each individual post.
Let's go back to ad.
All right.
And let's look out.
And we are look now.
Immediately you don't see anything in there in that speech.
You don't see anything in the category page and you can tell the individual page individual post.
There will be nothing as well.
All right.
Beautiful.
So I just wanted to walk you right through it.
Thank you so much.
And hopefully you enjoy this lectures.
See you in the next lecture.
Have fun.
Take care.